# Number_Guessing_Game
Java program that plays a number guessing game with the user.

This program is designed to be a interactive game with the user. The first thing the program does is greet the reader with a welcoming message along with the rules. The program then lets the user start guessing within the range after calculating a random number within the range. At first it was meant to be a set number but that didn't promote replay from the user so I designed it to calculate a random number every time the user plays. While choosing the numbers, the user is able to decipher where there number will be based off if there answer is too high or too low. The user is allowed up to 10 guesses and after those are used the user loses and a losing message is displayed to them along with the correct number. If the user is able to win the game, they recieve a congratualations message along with the amount of guesses it took them. If the user tries to guess a number outside of the range, then the user is prompted to enter another number and this does not use one of the users guesses so that the 10 guesses that get counted are all within the range. 


This project was given to me as an assignment and while you can't do much with it, it was intended to be a smaller program without much function. The focus of the assigment was to develop a familiarity with  This project is useful as a game to play with friends or even just to pass the time when you have nothing better to do. The project only requires that you download the file and then once you run the file within a compiler, the game will begin automatically. This was a project that I worked on by myself and it took me about 2-3 hours to complete the entire program.
